⚠️ CONFLICT! Lineage pull request for: skeleton (#17)
cisagov/ansible-role-assessment-tool: README.md

## Role Variables ##

| Variable | Description | Default | Required |
|----------|-------------|---------|----------|

> | archive_src | A URL or a file path on the remote host pointing to an archive (tar or zip) containing the tool.  If left undefined then no archive will be installed, but the install directory will still be created and language-specific tooling will still be installed. | n/a | Yes |

Reviewer: Goodness.  Looks like you found the worst one!

> | archive_src | A URL or a file path on the remote host pointing to an archive (tar or zip) containing the tool.  If left undefined then no archive will be installed, but the install directory will still be created and language-specific tooling will still be installed. | n/a | Yes |

Reviewer: This variable can be left undefined to signal that no archive is to be installed.
```suggestion
| archive_src | A URL or a file path on the remote host pointing to an archive (tar or zip) containing the tool.  If left undefined then no archive will be installed, but the install directory will still be created and language-specific tooling will still be installed. | [Omitted](https://docs.ansible.com/ansible/latest/user_guide/playbooks_filters.html#making-variables-optional) | No |
```

Reviewer 2: Is that `Omitted` description the best fit for that variable? I only used it for the other three because there are actual `variable_name | default(omit)` uses. Due to how it is used that variable only sees a check on whether or not it is defined.

Reviewer: OK, you can leave out the `Omitted` bit, but at a minimum you should change `Required` to `No` since that variable is not required.

Reviewer 2: Please see e25cc36 for the change in `Required` status.

> | archive_src | A URL or a file path on the remote host pointing to an archive (tar or zip) containing the tool.  If left undefined then no archive will be installed, but the install directory will still be created and language-specific tooling will still be installed. | n/a | Yes |

Reviewer: This variable is not required.
```suggestion
| archive_src | A URL or a file path on the remote host pointing to an archive (tar or zip) containing the tool.  If left undefined then no archive will be installed, but the install directory will still be created and language-specific tooling will still be installed. | Omitted](https://docs.ansible.com/ansible/latest/user_guide/playbooks_filters.html#making-variables-optional) | No |
```

| pip_requirements_file | The path to a pip requirements file listing dependencies to install into the Python virtualenv. | [Omitted](https://docs.ansible.com/ansible/latest/user_guide/playbooks_filters.html#making-variables-optional) | No |
| powershell | A Boolean indicating whether or not the tool is written in PowerShell; if it is then we will install the powershell system package. | `false` | No |
| python2 | A Boolean indicating whether or not the tool is strictly for Python 2; if it is then we will install the system package that provides the Python 2 interpreter and will create a Python 2 virtual environment. | `false` | No |
| unarchive_extra_opts | A list of extra options to be passed to the ansible.builtin.unarchive Ansible module.  When installing a tarball from a GitHub repository, for example, it is often useful to set this value to "[--strip-components=1]". | [Omitted](https://docs.ansible.com/ansible/latest/user_guide/playbooks_filters.html#making-variables-optional) | No |

> | virtualenv_dir | The directory where the Python virtualenv should be created.  Only read if `python` is `true`. | `install_dir/.venv` | No |

Reviewer: This description was a little outdated, so I figured we could take this opportunity to update it.
```suggestion
| virtualenv_dir | The directory where the Python virtualenv should be created.  Only read if at least one of `pip_packages` or `pip_requirements_file` is present. | `install_dir/.venv` | No |
```
